hey this is Daniel for Adorama we're
here at my studio in New York City and
we're making a portrait here of Becca so
last week I saw that Taylor Swift had
been voted Maxim's number one on the Hot
100 List and it really loved that cover
shop I looked around for a
behind-the-scenes video and I couldn't
find one so I decided to go about at the
good old fashioned way and I just really
studied the photo and I came up with
this lighting solution that I think is
very similar for our photo shoot with
Becca we've got a lot of soft light
coming from the front to give big open
lighting
but we have black cards on either side
of her to give a little bit of shadow
under her chin and give some shape to it
so let me walk through my setup here
I've got two soft boxes here two small
schmira soft boxes they're both plugged
into a Profoto acute pack and they're
powered equally this is just giving a
blast of light across the front I have
it you know above her so I get shadow
under her chin to add definition and
coming straight at her now because of
the distance from my my lights to my
subject and my subject to the wall I'm
getting nice fall-off so my white wall
is turning gray so I don't have to
bother with lighting the background
because I want a gray background the
other thing I added to this just to kind
of fill in more because I noticed it in
the original shot she had a lot of feel
light in her face I think it was from a
big open daylight studio
unfortunately my windows are on the
wrong side of the studio to get that
look so I added the Profoto b1 back here
I'm just bouncing this into foam core
and it's not really changing the
exposure is just giving more light in
her eyes bringing up her eyes which is
useful since Pekka has green eyes
against Taylor Swift's blue so the other
thing I'm doing is I'm shooting tethered
here because I'm shooting something
that's very stylized that was in a
magazine and was obviously retouched and
I want to get as close as possible I've
got my Nikon d-4s
plugged into my Mac over here and Dave's
working capture one software
so we've already tweaked the color and
stuff to get it close to where I want to
be but I remember that I'm shooting in
RAW so when I get into Photoshop I'm
actually gonna do it for real but this
gives me a good starting point so the
other change I made was that I took
photos in all different directions and I
think that Beca looks better looking to
the right versus to the left like the
original photo so we're gonna work her
in that direction and the beauty of this
kind of light is that it works in all
directions so you can move around and
she'll be lit evenly in every direction
so let's shoot a few
so I love to find inspiration in other
people's photography and sometimes it's
easy just to look up how they did it but
sometimes you have to do a little
detective work and that can be a great
learning experience for anyone so thanks
for watching be sure to subscribe to our
YouTube channel and I'll see you next
time on set